welcome to serious spoilers today i will
share a horror thriller movie from 2020
titled his house spoilers ahead watch
and enjoy
the film opens with bull rial and their
daughter niagara fleeing the violence of
their home country
south sudan they make it to a small
overcrowded boat headed to britain
the boat capsizes and all those aboard
fall into the water
the film jumps ahead to bowl and real in
a detention center
niagara is not there they are summoned
by government bureaucrats who tell them
they are in luck
an entire two-story row house has been
made available and assigned to them
they don't even have to share it with
any other refugees
the panel tells them that as their
citizenship application is pending the
pair must not get any job and must
reside in the assigned housing they say
that if bowl and rial fit in with the
local british and follow the rules they
will likely be granted citizenship
bowl and real are brought to the small
home
a social worker named mark welcomes them
in the house is dilapidated but all
theirs mark says the home is bigger than
his
mark likes the new couple and reiterates
that if they behave themselves and prove
they are one of the good ones they can
make a new life in britain bowl is
enthusiastic about the new start while
real remains reserved
rial makes a necklace out of the beads
on one of her niagara stalls
that night bull hears voices in the
house and thumping inside the wall
he looks in an exposed part of the wall
and thinks he sees a ghost
however a bird flies out from the wall
bull chalks up the phenomena to the bird
the next morning the couple surveys the
dilapidated neighborhood bull's neighbor
glares at him when he goes to throw away
their trash
bowl journeys out and gets a haircut we
learn that bowl isn't even sure where in
britain they actually are
on his way home some locals invite him
to their church to watch a soccer game
bull learns the british soccer chance
and sings to root for the home team
when he returns home real is unimpressed
with bull's ventures
that night bull again hears noises from
behind the walls he ventures downstairs
and sees some wallpaper fall away to
reveal a big hole
inside the hole is seaweed as he pulls
on the strand of seaweed a specter
sneaks up behind him
at the end of the rope of seaweed is
niagara stall a corpse then jumps out of
the wall to grab the doll
bull closes his eyes and when he opens
them finds the wall in its original
state he stays up all night scraping the
wallpaper off all the walls in the house
when real wakes up she finds bowl gone
in the ground littered with wallpaper as
she cleans up she sees a vision of their
escape from south sudan she leaves the
house to go to a nearby clinic
she can't find her way out of the
complex the streets seem to change to
trap her she is fearful of her neighbors
and becomes more lost
she finally approaches some black
teenagers to ask for help
although they help her they also mock
her accent and tell her to go back to
africa at the clinic real receives a
clean bill of health she explains to the
nurse that the raised tattoos on her and
bull's body indicate what tribe they
belong to
because of the warfare we all got
tattoos of both warring tribes so that
neither would attack her however this
also meant she never really belonged
anywhere when the nurse asks about
nyogak riyal simply says they lost her
on the journey to britain
real buys some groceries and returns
home
she hears a voice whisper come emanate
from within the walls she watches as a
peach obeys the voices command rolling
across the floor and into the hole in
the wall
many voices then begin speaking to her
when bull returns home he apologizes for
his absence he finds real has made a
traditional meal and set it out on a rug
as they used to eat in africa
bowl forces them to use silverware
rather than using their hands their
traditional way of eating and also says
they must start eating at the table so
that they can fit in
he insists on speaking in english real
tells him a folktale of a man who so
desperately wanted a house he stole from
others in order to get it as a result
the man in his house were cursed and
eventually destroyed she then tells bold
that she has seen the ghost in their
home
bull denies seeing the ghosts
real calls him a liar and says that they
must repay their debt to break the curse
that night bull again hears voices he
begins carving open the walls
as he does he hears african music and
voices
he sees many ghosts throughout the house
bull is then attacked by niagara wearing
a tribal mask
he flees his house when he returns he
insists that they are cursed through one
of the objects from their home country
bull collects all of the clothes and
goods they brought from africa and
lights them on fire he sees the necklace
real made out of niagara's beads and
rips it off her neck she begs him not to
destroy her links to her home
he tosses the necklace into the fire
anyway bull goes to the mall where he is
shadowed the whole time by mall security
and buys western style clothes when he
returns home he repairs all the wiring
in the house wounding his hand in the
process
the walls are now full of gaping holes
when he finishes he finds real talking
to an unseen presence she is discussing
returning home to south sudan bowl
angrily sets the table for dinner and
tells riyal she must integrate into the
british community she responds that the
ghosts have promised that if she
complies with their wishes they will
reunite
and that she should be afraid of bull
bull angrily eats his dinner with
silverware when he realizes he has been
transported inside a vision he is alone
at sea
watery corpses rise from the water and
approach him the vision ends but he is
still attacked by the ghosts they
disappear whenever he turns on the
lights and he struggles to light up his
entire house the ghosts scream out they
can't breathe and niagara yells that she
can't swim
once all the lights are on bowl sees the
ghost crawling inside the walls he
smashes more holes in the walls and
screams at them to leave
bull visits mark and asks for new
housing
mark is skeptical of the request given
that their home is bigger than his
noting bull's wounded hand and
disheveled appearance he says they will
need to conduct an investigation
they go to bull's house and see all the
holes
bowl claims it is the result of vermin
because mark believes in bolt he says he
is willing to issue only a warning so
long as things are straightened out
rialdin walks out of the bedroom dressed
in the sudanese clothing and necklace
that bull had burned
she tells mark that the apartment has
been destroyed because they are being
haunted by ghosts in a witch mark says
he is going to report the couple to his
supervisors with the implication being
they will be sent back to south sudan
when mark leaves bull and we all fight
with each other over where they belong
when he goes out for air bull's neighbor
tells him he should just leave the home
as they will be sent back to africa no
matter what
bowl refuses to abandon his new home and
knocks all of the door and window
handles off so that he and real can't
leave
he then lights a candle and asks the
ghost to talk with him he is approached
by a ghost slash which calling itself
the butcher the witch says that it will
reunite nyogaq with riyal so long as
bull sacrifices himself to repay his
debts
bull refuses and realizes that the witch
cannot directly harm him
although the witch can't physically harm
bull the witch tortures him with visions
of the ghostly niagara dead at sea
meanwhile rial reattaches a window
handle and crawls out of the home
she ends up in a vision that she is back
in south sudan
she greets all of her friends in a
tearful reunion however she is then
approached by the witch the witch forces
real to remember the truth of her past
which she had repressed we see that rial
and bull survived an attack by one of
the warring tribes that left most of
their friends and family dead
they along with other refugees flee to a
bus to be taken out of the war zone
rial and bull are denied entry onto the
bus as the workers are prioritizing the
evacuation of families with children
rial and bull
do not have any children vol sees
niagara in the crowd and grabs her
claiming that niagara is their child
they are lit on the bus just before it
departs
niagara's real mother sees niagara on
the bus and pursues it screaming out for
her daughter the bus does not stop and
the mother is left behind
rial swears to protect their new
daughter
the trio is eventually placed on a boat
to britain
however it capsizes and everyone begins
drowning
a rescue raft shows up bull is one of
the few people who can swim
he grabs rial and swims with her to the
rescuers
nyagak and many others drown
the ghosts are of all the people
including niagarak that died so that
real and bull could live the witch
explains that if real delivers bull to
him he will reunite real with niagara
real re-enters the apartment where bull
waits for her
she goes to grab the kitchen knife but
can't bring herself to kill bull
however bull grabs the knife and wounds
himself
he is ready to sacrifice himself to
atone for what he did and to bring
niagara back
bull admits all his wrongdoings as real
leaves the room the floor breaks open
and the witch crawls out from the ground
the witch begins consuming bowl
as bowl is being consumed nyagak appears
and takes ryle's hand
as real hears bull dying she realizes
that her home is with him she tells her
deceased friends and nyaya gak that she
must return home
rial then grabs the knife and slays the
witch
bull is saved
jumping ahead in time mark and his
supervisors arrive for another
inspection they find all the holes in
the wall patched and the home nicely
though sparsely decorated though the
inspectors are annoyed they will
seemingly allow rial and bull to stay
out of his colleague's earshot mark asks
real what happened rial says she killed
the witch as for the ghosts she says
they are still with them and always will
be as the ghosts are part of who they
are but the two affirm they will live
with the ghosts while making a new life
together the film ends with bowl and
real peacefully sitting with the ghosts
of their past
what did you think of the movie
i want to hear your comments below
thanks everyone for watching
don't forget to subscribe
until the next spoiler